Added settings.xml example (#37)
utPLSQL/utPLSQL-maven-plugin: README.md

* A maven plugin for running Unit Tests with utPLSQL v3+.

### Compatibility
* This plugin is compatible with utPLSQL 3.1.0+.

### Prerequisites
* Java SE Runtime Environment 8
* Maven Version 3.5+

> The plugin relies on the utPLSQL Java API for database operations, which has the OJDBC as a maven dependency. To be able to download the Oracle dependencies, you need to configure your access to Oracle's Maven Repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin requires Oracle JDBC driver (ojdbc8) as a maven dependency. 
In order to download the required driver, you need to configure access to Oracle's Maven Repository in your `settings.xml` file.
```

http://docs.oracle.com/middleware/1213/core/MAVEN/config_maven_repo.htm#MAVEN9010

Sections 6.1 and 6.5 are the more important ones, and the only ones you need if you're using the latest Maven version.

> Follows an example of the necessary changes to your settings.xml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of changes needed to your `settings.xml` file.
```
